Wrong ratio?
Increase digestion and sulfur
reduce burden
Let's go
13 Your Highness, His Majesty Xuanning entered the palace
The messenger of the innate god comes to court
I would like to take three problems as a gambler
Then give up five cities
Wuhan University
Able people come out in large numbers
Is it a question from a barbarian land?
Can be stumped
It is Wang Daxue who counts
Don't say three questions
What if it's 30 questions?
State the topic
The official answers on the spot
Ok wang university son
As expected of the number one genius in my Daqian country
The first question is a jade ball with one hole on the left and right.
Internal hole bending
How to successfully pierce a thread?
Second question
Chicken and rabbit in the same cage
It has head 35 on it.
There are corners 94 below.
How many chickens and rabbits are there in each dragon?
Chickens and rabbits in the same cage
Question three
Yes, the last sentence on the pair is that the face reflects the pink and peach reflects the face.
Ask for the next sentence
How is Wang Daxian?